Usecase Name	Description	Log Sources
UBA : Detect IOCs For Locky.	Detects user computers that show Indicators of Compromise (IOCs) for Locky by using URLs or IPs that are populated from X-Force campaign feeds.	All Log sources
UBA : Detect IOCs for WannaCry.	Detects user computers that show Indicators of Compromise (IOCs) for WannaCry by using URLs, IPs, or hashes that are populated from X-Force campaign feeds.	all log sources
UBA : Multiple Sessions to Monitored Log Sources (NIS Directive).	Detects more than 2 connections to the same QRadar log source system within 5 minutes from a single user.	"Linux OS (EventID: CRYPTO_LOGIN, ANOM_ROOT_TRANS, Accepted Password, GRP_AUTH, session opened, Privilege escalation, CRED_ACQ, Accepted password, USER_LOGIN, Successful Login, password changed, LOGIN)

Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: Login succeeded for user, 18454, 193, 18455, 627, 4648, 1202, 680, 18453, 628, 621, 4624, 552, 672, 673_Attempt, 4672, 169, 10015, 10014, 678, 671, 6280, 4717, 4723, 4724, 540, 528, 673_Request, 673_Granted, 4776, 405, 5823, 1200, 682)"
UBA : ShellBags Modified By Ransomware.	Detects ShellBag registry modifications that indicate typical malware or ransomware behavior.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Logs (EventID: 4657)
UBA : User Accessing Risky IP Anonymization.	This rule detect when a local user or host is connecting to an external anonymization service.	All supported log sources In FTA.
UBA : User Accessing Risky IP Botnet.	This rule detects when a local user or host is connecting to a botnet command and control server.	All supported log sources In FTA.
UBA : User Accessing Risky IP Dynamic.	This rule detects when a local user or host is connecting to a dynamically assigned IP address.	All supported log sources In FTA.
UBA : User Accessing Risky IP Malware.	This rule detects when a local user or host is connecting to a malware host.	All supported log sources In FTA.
UBA : User Accessing Risky IP Spam.	This rule detects when a local user or host is connecting to a spam-sending host.	All supported log sources In FTA.
UBA : Potential Access to Blocklist Domain.	Detects events that indicate the user potentially accessed a blocklist domain. Requires the IBM QRadar DNS Analyzer app.	IBM QRadar DNS Analyzer
UBA : Potential Access to DGA Domain.	Detects events that indicate the user potentially accessed a DGA (Domain Generated by Algorithm) domain. Requires the IBM QRadar DNS Analyzer app.	IBM QRadar DNS Analyzer
UBA : Potential Access to Squatting Domain.	Detects events that indicate the user potentially accessed a squatting domain. Requires the IBM QRadar DNS Analyzer app	IBM QRadar DNS Analyzer
UBA : Potential Access to Tunneling Domain.	Detects events that indicate the user potentially accessed a tunneling domain. Requires the IBM DNS Analyzer app.	IBM QRadar DNS Analyzer
UBA : D/DoS Attack Detected.	Detects network Denial of Service (DoS) attacks by a user.	F5 Networks BIG-IP ASM, F5 Networks BIG-IP LTM,Palo alto, fortigate, Trendmicro
UBA : Honeytoken Activity.	Detects activity using a Honeytoken account.	All log sources added to the UBA : Systems with Honeytoken Accounts log source group.
UBA : Network Traffic : Capture Monitoring and Analysis Program Usage.	Indicates that a process is created and the process name matches one of the binary names that are listed in the reference set "UBA : Network Capture, Monitoring and Analysis Program Filenames". This reference set lists the binary names of network packet capturing software. The reference set is pre-populated with the names of some common network protocol analysis software filenames.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log
UBA : MaaS360 detected device with low encryption level.		
UBA : MaaS360 device out of compliance due to non-roaming data usage.		
UBA : MaaS360 device out of compliance due to device being rooted.		
UBA : MaaS360 device out of compliance due to encryption level.		
UBA : MaaS360 device out of compliance due to OS version.		
UBA : MaaS360 malicious SMS received.		
UBA : MaaS360 malicious email received.		
UBA : MaaS360 URL access blocked.		
UBA : MaaS360 malware application installed.		
UBA : MaaS360 malicious URL accessed.		
UBA : Anomalous Account Created From New Location.	Detects anomalous account creation activity from new location.	Cisco IOS (EventID: %APF-6-USER_NAME_CREATED),Cyber-Ark Vault (EventID: 180, 2),EMC VMWare (EventID: AccountCreatedEvent),Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway (EventID: add, auth-logon),Imperva SecureSphere (EventID: NEW_USERS_ACCOUNT, SOX_NEW_USERS, SOX - New users, New Users Account),Linux OS (EventID: ADD_USER),Microsoft SQL Server (EventID: CR - SU, CR - US, CR - SL, CR - LX, CR - AR, CR - WU, 24127, 24121, 24075),Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 624, 645, 1318, 4720, 4741),Trend Micro Deep Security (EventID: 650)
UBA : Anomalous Cloud Account Created From New Location.		
UBA : User Access from Multiple Locations.	Indicates that multiple locations or sources are using the same user account simultaneously. Adjust the match and duration parameters to tune responsiveness.	Access logs of all FTA devices
UBA : User Access from Prohibited Location.	Detects user access from a location not in the "UBA : Allowed Location List."	Access logs of all FTA devices
UBA : User Access from Restricted Location.	Detects user access from a location on the "UBA : Restricted Location List." You can add countries from "geographic location" to the "UBA : Restricted Location List."	Access logs of all FTA devices
UBA : User Geography Change.	A match indicates that a user logged in remotely from a country that is different from the country of the user's last remote login. This rule might also indicate an account compromise, particularly if the rule matches occurred closely in time.	Access logs of all FTA devices
UBA : User Access from Unusual Locations.	Indicates that users were able to authenticate in countries that are unusual for your network, as defined by the building block rule "UBA : BB : Unusual Source Locations".	Access logs of all FTA devices
UBA : Data Exfiltration by Cloud Services.	Detects users that are uploading files to personal cloud services.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway (EventID: 16064, 35599, 35977, 35984, 36076, 36115, 36300, 36343, 36350, 36353, 36413, 38668, 38902, 38994, 39287, 39297, 39356, 39474, 39806)
UBA : Data Exfiltration by Print.	Detects users that are sending files to print or that are using screen capture tools such as Print Screen and Snipping Tool.	Universal DSM (EventID: File Print)
UBA : Data Exfiltration by Removable Media.	Detects users that are transferring files to removable media such as USB and CD.	DLP Logs
UBA : Data Loss Possible.	Detects possible data loss determined by either the data source, event category or specific events related to data loss detection and prevention.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway (EventID: dlp passthrough, 43720),Universal DSM (EventID: Data Loss Possible, Data Loss Prevention Policy Violation)
UBA : Initial Access Followed by Suspicious Activity.	Detects the scenario of phishing or malware activity followed by suspicious access activity within 24 hours. Note: Edit the supported building blocks to monitor any rules that are appropriate for the environment.	See supported rules
UBA : Large Outbound Transfer by High Risk User.	Detects an outbound transfer of 200,000 bytes or more by a high risk user.	Log sources that have the CEP BytesSent defined
UBA : Multiple Blocked File Transfers Followed by a File Transfer.	Detects exfiltration by checking for file uploads that were initially blocked but were followed by a successful upload within a span of 5 minutes.	"Cisco IOS (EventID: %UPDATE-3-SFTP_TRANSFER_FAIL),Cisco IOS (EventID: %FTPSERVER-6-NEWCONN)
Cisco IronPort (EventID: FTP_connection)
Custom Rule Engine (EventID: 18010, 4031,18431, 18183)"
UBA : Multiple blocked file uploads followed by a successful upload.	Detects when there is a high volume of blocked file uploads followed by a successful upload.	"Blocked file uploads: events categories: (Access.FTP Action Denied, Access.Firewall Session Closed, Access.Access Denied)
Successful file upload: event categories: (Access.FTP Action Allowed, Access.Firewall Session Opened, Access.Access Permitted)"
UBA : Potentially Compromised Account.	Detects scenario of suspicious activity followed by exfiltration within 24 hours.	See supported rules
UBA : Suspicious Access Followed by Data Exfiltration	Detects access from unusual, restricted, or prohibited locations followed by a data exfiltration attempt.	"UBA : User Access from Restricted Location
UBA : User Access from Prohibited Location
UBA : User Geography, Access from Unusual Locations"
UBA : Suspicious Activity Followed by Exfiltration	Detects scenario of suspicious activity followed by exfiltration within 24 hours.	See supported rules
UBA : User Potentially Phished.	Detects 3 or more instances of potential phishing attacks on a single user within an hour. Note: Edit the supported building block to monitor any rules that are appropriate for the environment.	See supported rules
UBA : Detect Insecure Or Non-Standard Protocol.	Detects any user that is communicating over unauthorized protocols that are regarded as insecure or non-standard protocols. Authorized protocols are listed in the UBA : Ports of Authorized Protocols reference set with default value 0, which is the port of QRadar events. Edit the UBA : Ports of Authorized Protocols reference set to flag from your environment before you enable this rule.	All Log source of FTA device
UBA : Detect Persistent SSH session.	Detects SSH sessions that are active for more than 10 hours.	Universal DSM (EventID: SSH Opened, SSH Session Started),Cyber-Ark Vault (EventID: 378),Cisco IOS (EventID: %SSH-5-SSH2_SESSION, %SSH-SW2-5-SSH2_SESSION),Custom Rule Engine (EventID: 18037, 3071)
UBA : Internet Settings Modified	Detects modifications of internet settings on the system.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Logs (EventID: 4657)
UBA : Malware Activity - Registry Modified In Bulk.	Detects processes that modify multiple registry values in bulk within a shorter interval.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Logs (EventID: 4657)
UBA : Netcat Process Detection (Linux).	Detects netcat process on a Linux system.	Linux OS (EventID: SYSCALL)
UBA : Netcat Process Detection (Windows).	Detects Netcat process on a Windows system.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Logs (EventID: 4688)
UBA : Process Executed Outside Gold Disk Allowlist (Linux).	Detects processes that are created on a Linux system and alerts when the process is outside of the golden disk process allowlist.	Linux OS (EventID: SYSCALL)
UBA : Process Executed Outside Gold Disk Allowlist (Windows).	Detects processes that are created on a Windows system and alerts when the process is outside the golden disk process allowlist.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Logs (EventID: 4688)
UBA : Ransomware Behavior Detected.	Detects behavior that is typically seen during a ransomware infection.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Logs (EventID: 4663)
UBA : Restricted Program Usage.	Indicates that a process is created and the process name matches one of the binary names listed in the reference set "UBA : Restricted Program Filenames". This reference set is blank by default so that you can customize it. You can populate the reference set with file names that you want to monitor for risk management.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log
UBA : User Installing Suspicious Application.	Detects application installation events and then alerts when suspicious applications are seen. Note: Populate the reference set "UBA : Authorized Applications" with the application names that are authorized in the organization. Rule "UBA : Populate Authorized Applications" can be enabled for a short duration to populate this reference set.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log
UBA : Volume Shadow Copy Created.	Detects shadow copies that were created using vssadmin.exe or Windows Management Instrumentation Command-line (WMIC).	Microsoft Windows Security Event Logs (EventID: 1 or 4688)
UBA : DPAPI Backup Master Key Recovery Attempted.	Detects when recovery is attempted for a DPAPI Master Key.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 4693)
UBA : Kerberos Account Enumeration Detected.	Detects Kerberos account enumeration by detecting high number of user names being used to make Kerberos requests from same source IP.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 4768)
UBA : Multiple Kerberos Authentication Failures from Same User.	Detects multiple Kerberos authentication ticket rejections or failures.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 4768, 4771)
UBA : Non-Admin Access to Domain Controller.	Detects non-admin account access attempts to domain controller.	All Log source of FTA device
UBA : Pass the Hash.	Detects Windows logon events that are possibly generated during pass the hash exploits.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Logs (EventID: 4624)
UBA : Possible Directory Services Enumeration.	Detects reconnaissance attempts to Directory Service Enumeration.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 4661)
UBA : Possible SMB Session Enumeration on a Domain Controller.	Detects attempts at SMB enumeration against a domain controller.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 5140)
UBA : Possible TGT Forgery.	Detects Kerberos TGTs that contain Domain Name anomalies. These possibly indicate tickets that are generated by using pass the ticket exploits	Microsoft Windows Security Event Logs (EventID: 4768)
UBA : Possible TGT PAC Forgery.	Detects use of Forged PAC certificate to get a Service Ticket from Kerberos TGS.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 4672, 4769)(Add the appropriate values to the following reference set: "UBA : Domain Controller Administrators".)
UBA : Replication Request from a Non-Domain Controller.	Detects replication requests from an illegitimate Domain Controller	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 4662)
UBA : TGT Ticket Used by Multiple Hosts.	Detects Kerberos TGT ticket being used on two (or more) different computers.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 4768)
UBA : Anonymous User Accessed a Resource.		
UBA : AWS Console Accessed by Unauthorized User.		
UBA : External User Failed Mailbox Login.		
UBA : Failed to Set Mailbox Audit Logging Bypass.		
UBA : Inbox Set to Forward to External Inbox.		
UBA : Internal User Failed Mailbox Login Followed by Success.		
UBA : Mailbox Permission Added and Deleted in a Short Period of Time.		
UBA : Non-Standard User Accessing AWS Resources.		
UBA : Sharing Link Sent to Guest.		
UBA : Sharing Policy Changed or Shared External (SharePoint/OneDrive).		
UBA : User Added to a Group on SharePoint or OneDrive by Site Admin.		
UBA : User Failed to be Added to Role.		
UBA : Browsed to Business/Service Website.	A user has accessed a URL that might indicate an elevated security or legal risk.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Communications Website.	A user has accessed a URL which may indicate elevated security or legal risk.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Education Website.	Detected user browsing a website associated with education content.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Entertainment Website.	A user accessed a URL that might indicate elevated security or legal risk.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Gambling Website.	A user accessed a URL that might indicate elevated security or legal risk.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Government Website.	Detected user browsing a website associated with government content.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Information Technology Website.	A user accessed a URL that might indicate elevated security or legal risk.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Job Search Website.	A user accessed a URL that might indicate elevated security or legal risk.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to LifeStyle Website.	A user has accessed a URL that might indicate an elevated security or legal risk.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Malicious Website.	A user accessed a URL that might indicate elevated security or legal risk.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Mixed Content/Potentially Adult Website.	A user accessed a URL that might indicate elevated security or legal risk.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Phishing Website.	A user accessed a URL that might indicate elevated security or legal risk.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Pornography Website.	A user accessed a URL that might indicate elevated security or legal risk.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Religious Website.	A user accessed a URL that is associated with religious content.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Scam/Questionable/Illegal Website.	A user accessed a URL that might indicate elevated security or legal risk.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Social Networking Website.	A user accessed a website that is categorized as Social Networking.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA : Browsed to Uncategorized Website.	A user accessed a URL that might indicate an elevated security or legal risk.	Fortinet FortiGate Security Gateway,Cisco IronPort, Palo Alto PA Series,
UBA: User Accessing Risky URL.	This rule detects when a local user is accessing questionable online content.	Cisco ESA, WSA
UBA : Account or Group or Privileges Added.	"Detects events that a user performs and that fit into one of the following categories. The rule dispatches an IBM Sense event to increment the originating user's risk score.
Authentication.Group Added
Authentication.Group Changed
Authentication.Group Member Added
Authentication.Computer Account Added
Authentication.Computer Account Changed
Authentication.Policy Added
Authentication.Policy Change
Authentication.Trusted Domain Added
Authentication.User Account Added
Authentication.User Account Changed
Authentication.User Right Assigned"	All Log source of FTA device
UBA : Account or Group or Privileges Modified	Indicates when a user account was affected by an action which changes the user’s effective privileges, either up or down.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 626, 642, 644, 1300, 1317, 625, 629, 4672, 4722, 4725, 4738, 4765, 4767, 4781, 4737, 4755)
UBA : DoS Attack by Account Deletion.	Detects DoS attack by checking the number of account deletion events against a fixed threshold within fixed time span.	"Trend Micro Deep Security (EventID: 651)
Universal DSM (EventID: Computer Account Removed, User Account Removed)
SIM Audit (EventID: Configuration-UserAccount-AccountDeleted)
Palo Alto Endpoint Security Manager (EventID: User Deleted)
Microsoft SQL Server (EventID: 24129, DR - US, DR - SL, DR - LX, DR - AR,DR - SU, 24076, 24123, 38)
Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 4743, 630, 1327, 647, 4726)
Linux OS (EventID: userDel, Account Deleted, DEL_USER)"
UBA : User Account Created and Deleted in a Short Period of Time.	Detects when an user account is created and deleted in a short period of time.	AD logs
UBA : Dormant Account Used.	Detects the successful log in from an account that has been determined to be dormant.	Any supported log source that provides a username in the event.
UBA : Dormant Account Use Attempted.	Detects the failed log in attempt from an account that has been determined to be dormant.	Any supported log source that provides a username in the event.
UBA : Expired Account Used.	"Indicates that a user attempted to log in to a disabled or an expired account on a local system. This rule might also suggest that an account was compromised.
Although not required, you can enable Search assets for username, when username is not available for event or flow data in Admin Settings > UBA Settings."	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 532, 535, 4768, 4771, 4772, 4625, 4776)
UBA : First Privilege Escalation.	Indicates that a user executed privileged access for the first time. This reporting rule can be disabled to allow the tracking of user behaviors for baselining purposes.	All FTA log sources 
UBA : New Account Use Detected.	Provides reporting functions that indicate an account successfully used for the first time. Accounts are tracked and monitored by the UBA app.	IBM Sense (EventID: new account use detected)
UBA : Suspicious Privileged Activity (First Observed Privilege Use).	Indicates that a user executed a privileged action that the user never executed before. Observations are kept in "UBA : Observed Activities by Low Level Category and Username" map-of-sets.	All FTA log sources 
UBA : Suspicious Privileged Activity (Rarely Used Privilege).	Indicates that a user executed a privileged action that the user has not executed recently. Observations are kept in "UBA : Recent Activities by Low Level Category and Username" map-of-sets. The sensitivity of this event can be modified by changing the TTL (time-to-live) of the Reference Map-of-Sets for "UBA : Recent Activities by Low Level Category and Username". Increasing the TTL reduces the sensitivity. Decreasing the TTL increases the sensitivity.	All FTA log sources 
UBA : User Attempt to Use Disabled Account.	Detects when a user tries to access the organization resources by using a disabled account.	"Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 530, 531, 533, 534, 644, 1327, 644, 4769, 4771, 4773, 4625 Account Disabled, 4625 Account Expired, 4625 Logon Outside Normal Time, 4625 User Locked Out)
Cisco Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) (EventID: 3343)"
UBA : User Attempt to Use a Suspended Account.	Detects when a user tries to access the organization resources by using suspended or blocked privileges.	Cisco Intrusion Prevention System (IPS),Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 4656,4661,4673)
UBA : Bruteforce Authentication Attempts.	Detects authentication failure brute force attack (Horizontal and Vertical).	Access logs of all FTA devices
UBA : Detected Activity from a Locked Machine.	Detects activity from a locked machine.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 4688, 4800, 4801)
UBA : Executive only asset accessed by non-executive user from external network.	Detects when a non-executive user from an external network logs on to an asset that is for executive use. Two empty reference sets will be imported with this rule: "UBA : Executive Users" and "UBA : Executive Assets". Edit the reference sets to add or remove any accounts and IP addresses that are flagged from your environment. Enable this rule after configuring the reference sets.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Logs (EventID: 4624), Application Audit logs
UBA : Executive only asset accessed by non-executive user from internal network.	Detects when a non-executive user logs on to an asset that is for executive use only. Two empty reference sets will be imported with this rule : "UBA : Executive Users" and "UBA : Executive Assets". Edit the reference sets to add or remove any accounts and IP addresses that are flagged from your environment. Enable this rule after configuring the reference sets.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Logs (EventID: 4624), Application Audit logs
UBA : High Risk User Access to Critical Asset.	Detects when a user involved in incidents (offenses) access to critical asset.	Access logs of all FTA devices(Add the appropriate values to the following reference set: "Critical Assets".)
UBA : Large number of denied access events towards external domain.	Detects when there are abnormal number of denied access events towards any external domain.	Access.Access Denied, Access.ACL Deny, Access.Firewall Deny, Access.IPS Deny
UBA : Multiple VPN Accounts Failed Login From Single IP.	Detects any VPN account login failures from the "UBA : Multiple VPN Accounts Failed Login From Single IP" reference set.	Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA)
UBA : Multiple VPN Accounts Logged In From Single IP.	Maps multiple VPN users that are coming from the same IP address and then raises the risk score. When the rule detects VPN users coming from the same IP address, the IP address is added to the "UBA : Multiple VPN Accounts Logged In From Single IP". Before enabling this rule, make sure the rule "UBA : Populate Multiple VPN Accounts Logged In From Single IP" is enabled and the "UBA : Multiple VPN Accounts Logged In From Single IP" reference set has data.	Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA)
UBA : Remote access hole in corporate firewall	Detects when there is a remote access hole in the firewall created by GotoMyPC and OpenVPN applications.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Logon
UBA : Repeat Unauthorized Access.	Indicates that repeat unauthorized access activities were found.	Access logs of all FTA devices
UBA : Terminated User Activity.	Detects activity from any user that is listed as terminated or resigned.	Any log source that provides a username.
UBA : Unauthorized Access.	Indicates that unauthorized access activities were found.	Access logs of all FTA devices
UBA : Unix/Linux System Accessed With Service or Machine Account.	Detects any interactive session (through GUI and CLI, both local and remote login) that is initiated by a service or machine account in UNIX and Linux servers. Accounts and allowed interactive sessions are listed in the UBA : Service, Machine Account and the UBA : Allowed Interaction Session reference sets. Edit the reference sets to add or remove any interactive session that you want to flag from your environment.	Linux OS
UBA : User Access - Failed Access to Critical Assets.	This rule detects authentication failures for systems located in the Critical Assets reference set.	Access logs of all FTA devices(Add the appropriate values to the following reference set: "Critical Assets".)
UBA : First Access to Critical Assets.	"UBA : User Access First Access to Critical Assets: Indicates that this is the first time the user accessed a critical asset. The ""Critical Systems Users Seen"" reference collection governs the time-to-live of an observation. By default this rule detects the first access in three months.
UBA : Critical Systems Users Seen Update: Updates the last seen value in the ""Critical Systems Users Seen"" reference collection for Destination IP/Username matches that already exist."	Access logs of all FTA devices(Add the appropriate values to the following reference set: "Critical Assets".)
UBA : User Access from Multiple Hosts.	Detects when a single user logs in from more than an allowed number of devices.	Access logs of all FTA devices
UBA : User Access to Internal Server From Jump Server	Detects when a user uses a jump server to access the VPN or internal servers.	Access logs of all FTA devices(Add the appropriate values to the following reference sets: "UBA : Jump Servers" and "UBA : Internal Servers"..)
UBA : Login Anomaly.	Indicates a sequence of login failures on a local asset. The rule might also indicate an account compromise or lateral movement activity. Ensure that the Multiple Login Failures for Single Username rule is enabled. Adjust the match and time duration parameters for this rule to tune the responsiveness.	Access logs of all FTA devices
UBA : User Accessing Account from Anonymous Source.	Indicates that a user is accessing internal resources from an anonymous source such as TOR or a VPN.	Access logs of all FTA devices(Set "Enable X-Force Threat Intelligence Feed" to Yes in Admin Settings > System Settings.)
UBA : User Access at Unusual Times.	Indicates that users are successfully authenticating at times that are unusual for your network, as defined by "UBA: Unusual Times, %" building blocks.	All Log source of FTA device
UBA : VPN Access By Service or Machine Account.	Detects when a Cisco VPN is accessed by a service or machine account. Accounts are listed in the 'UBA : Service, Machine Account' reference set. Edit this list to add or remove any accounts to flag from your environment.	F5 logs
UBA : VPN Certificate Sharing.		F5 logs
UBA : Windows Access with Service or Machine Account.	Detects any interactive session (RDP, local login) that is initiated by a service or machine account in Windows Server. Accounts are listed in the UBA : Service, Machine Account reference set. Edit the list to add or remove any accounts to flag from your environment.	Microsoft Windows Security Event Log (EventID: 4776)
